okay here's how to do it guys hope you
enjoy okay everybody we're gonna start
with some good thick hair conditioner
just lick that hair back I'm going to
add baby power to that later on to get
that dingy zombie-like
look I'm going to start with our liquid
latex apply it all over the face and
then put a light dusting of baby powder
for this part I just mixed some oatmeal
with some liquid latex and just mashed
it all over his face try to get it as
thick as possible
it's good to use a hairdryer in between
if you want to speed things up if you
want you could add a little bit of
toilet paper to the liquid latex in the
oatmeal to make like lumps on the face
for a zombie look it's always good to
have things hanging and then once again
add that baby powder just dust it all
over his head and on his face and then
you're gonna add some of zombie makeup I
just got this at the party store just
your basic greys you could use a good
foundation add the baking powder to the
foundation to make it that gray tone
that def kind of look okay now we're
gonna add the dark anywhere on a
skeleton that it's indented like on your
temples and in your eyes and in your
neck on each side you would want to put
some darkness because that's where it
hollows out a little bit and then as you
rub the liquid latex this is the best
part you get to pull it down it looks
like stretching skin
where the skin peels down you'll want to
add some liquid blood I got this at the
party store as well and you just put it
inside any crack and then you drip it
down as if he had just eaten one of his
victims so you pretty much just put it
on all over have fun with it
the one thing about the liquid blood
from the party store is it just doesn't
seem to have enough enough depth once it
dries so I like to add a little bit of
blue food coloring in places I didn't on
this particular video but for the most
part if you have some little food
coloring add that to the liquid blood to
give it some purpley blue type of colors
and then just put that on this is a red
pen it's a lipstick pen and then of
course you just add the teeth on the
neck you just put it all over the place
spread it out and the eyes too as well
it's good to line it a little bit and
get that that deadly look okay now
you're gonna put the zombie foundation
which is found at the party store you
could also use just a very very light
foundation from Walgreens or anything
like that but grayish whitish add a
little bit of baby powder to it once
again and that gives it that dingy look
as well
okay now just a little light dusting of
some more baby powder and you're all set
there you have it hope you enjoyed